Please note that this train will not stop at the next station
This is

Aight,
Uh, yo... turn me up in the headphones please
Uh, one... two, yo, a little bit more
Uh, yeah... look, they've been waiting on I for the longest time
So the least that I can try is to tell 'em what's on my mind!

Listen! ...Another kid who found Hip-Hop and fell in love with it
Live the consequences, monogamous or the opposite
Office secret operative, Clark up in Metropolis
Tryna make sense of my failures amongst all my accomplishments
I'll be honest ...only wanted some acknowledgement
Amongst the brothers tryna make it big without the nourishment
Up until the last days of the apocalypse
If opportunity knocks... think you'll find I'm an occupant
Behind bars... me and my accomplices
Tryna make a profit spraying ink like an octopus
You know the bloggers don't recognise the reconnaissance
I guess they're less encouraged 'cause knowledge is the prerogative
So... should I follow the economics and politics?
Try to step beyond the upbringing they called impoverished?
Yo... the underdog until predominant
Tunnel vision on... the opposition is anonymous
In tryna overcome the obstacles in front of us
I cut off confidants who tried take a knock at my confidence
I need to prove it to myself... the hypothesis
So they can see I'm far gone... no binoculars
Yea... I'm among the ghetto philosophers
On a platform where together we're more than conquerors
What? ...That's why I give you my logic
I'm never gonna adopt the repercussions
Of stopping this Train of thought brudda!

My train of thought fam!
They've been waiting on I for the longest time
So the least that I can try is to to tell 'em what's on my mind!
Train of thought brudda!
My train of thought fam!
They've been waiting on I for the longest time
And the least that I can try is to to tell 'em what's on my mind!

'Cause I've been thinking lately,
When everything's all said and done,
Look how far I've come!
...But there's still a long way to go!

Irrespective of your perspective
You was never a threat to either me or my collective
No... The blessed kid from a little town of Deptford
Bredahs expected to move bricks like this was Tetris
Yea... Man I don't think they get the message
Disconnect from what the definition of success is
The pedestrian flow that went progressive
By converting my train of thought into kinetics
More or less, it's part of my genetic code
I pray the ever present still illuminates my stepping-stones
People question me... how can recognition grow
Unless I'm playing devil's advocate for record sales?
Fam... Can I endeavour where my predecessors failed?
Move you on every track brother? Network rail?
Fam... You only give the effort when it's necessary
Me I treat each second like its legendary, evidently!
That's why I scribble on pages 'til my pen is empty
Tryna evade a quarter century in the penitentiary
Only elegant beats can give me peace
Where the peeps wanna squeeze and release over the peas
This scene's got me tired of the irrelevant speech
That means I lose too much sleep chasing my dreams
But fuck it I'm ill that's the diagnosis
You'll notice how I keep it moving like a locomotive!

Train of thought brudda!
My train of thought fam!
They've been waiting on I for the longest time
So the least that I can try is to to tell 'em what's on my mind!
Train of thought brudda!
My train of thought fam!
They've been waiting on I for the longest time
So the least that I can try is to to tell 'em what's on my mind!

'Cause I've been thinking lately,
When everything's all said and done
Look how far I've come!
...But there's still a long way to go!
...there's still a long way to go!
...there's still a long way to go!
...there's still a long way to go!
...there's still a long way to go!
...there's still a long way to go!
There's still a long way to go
...To go!
There's still a long way to go!